in a small bowl mix the yeast and sugar
with a tablespoon of warm water to
activate leave this for five minutes in
a warm place in a separate bowl mix the
flour onion seeds salt and baking powder
once the yeast is frothy add this to the
flour mixture with some oil and yoghurt
begin to knead the dough with slightly
wet hands folding as you go if the dough
feels dry add a little splash of milk
and continue to knead once the dough is
nice and soft cover with a little bit of
oil and some cling film and leave in a
warm place to rise for about an hour to
make the peshwa refilling place the
pistachios and raisins into a blender
and blitz to create a coarse powder
almost like sand turn the grill on to a
high heat and divide the dough into four
balls take a large pinch of the powder
and place at the center of one of the
dough balls start to fold the dough
around the powder to enclose it inside
roll each one out to about half a
centimeter thick heat the traditional
cover or a frying pan and place the naan
onto it for a couple of seconds to brown
on one side transfer the naan to a
baking sheet and place under a hot grill
for between two to five minutes and
watch the magic as they puff up once
cooked smooth a little bit of butter
yummy